Hyun-jun meets Myung-ho
and reveals identity of Iris
and the risk of nuclear terrorism.
Kidnapped by Hyun-jun,
Chul-young decides to help Hyun-jun
to stop the war.
We must prevent a war
between North and South.
You and Hyun-jin are the only ones.
You're under arrest for treason.
Sang-hyun and Seung-hee secretly
track down the terrorists,
but Director Baek
- and Sa-woo stop them.
-Ms. Choi.
Why are you doing this?
Arrest Ms. Choi right now.
After finding out
Hyun-jun has lost the terrorists,
Myung-ho tries to arrest Gi-hoon
to find the nuclear bomb.
Find Gi-hoon Yeon right now.
With the terrorist's vehicle records,
Hyun-jun finds the bunker.
EPISODE 16
They seem to have combined the detonator
and the enriched uranium here.
I don't know
where to start...
I don't know what to say.
Hug me.
In front of Budapest Station,
when the car you were in exploded
in front of me,
I thought you died.
I got out of the car
after getting Sa-woo's call.
At that time, the station square
was getting filled
with North Korean supreme guards.
I lost North Koreans who were following me
and went to the landing field
where we handed over Seung-ryong Hong.
I was going to seize a light aircraft
and escape Hungary.
In the end,
the aircraft crashed
due to Sa-woo's shooting.
How could he...
I thought it was possible.
If I got caught
for killing Seong-cheol Yun
and my identity was exposed,
it could have caused a war
between North and South.
Both Sa-woo and I,
we...
had to follow orders from our country.
If I received such an order,
I wouldn't have a choice, either.
I decided to think that way.
However,
the order to kill Seong-cheol Yun
wasn't given by the country.
It was an order from Iris
which Director Baek is a part of.
Sa-woo who aimed the gun at me
was also Iris.
Iris?
What's that?
You really don't know?
I don't know.
I recently became aware that
many questions that arose within the NSS
are related to Director Baek and Sa-woo.
What on earth is Iris?
-Be on careful guard.
-Okay, sir.
Why are you with the terrorists?
Who are they?
Sa-woo is coming.
I saw about nine people.
They're all armed.
Leave now.
I'll block Sa-woo.
Wait, Seung-hee.
Don't worry.
He won't shoot me.
Leave now.
Hyun-jun.
Don't move.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you acting like a fool?
Shoot me.
Like what you did to Hyun-jun,
shoot me.
Seung-hee Choi.
Why did you change so much?
I'm... sorry.
I...
knew Seung-hee was alive.
All along.
When I suddenly disappeared in Akita,
I was
back in Korea.
Without following the order to kill you,
I stopped contact
with North Korean Supreme Guard,
and the only way to go back to North
was to kill
San Baek. Then,
I could take revenge for you.
However,
on my way to Seoul,
I was caught off guard.
My identity was exposed,
so I was sent to the NSS.
The person who came to interrogate me
was Seung-hee.
Her purpose
wasn't to interrogate me.
Instead, she wanted to know
whether you were alive.
I...
remained silent until the end.
With Seung-hee's help, who wanted me
to find out your whereabouts,
I escaped from the NSS
and returned to Akita.
I met you again,
but I couldn't tell you
that Seung-hee was alive.
Why?
Why did you do that?
What's going on all of a sudden?
The President gave the order
to arrest Gi-hoon Yeon.
Even if he's arrested,
you know it can't be stopped.
Commissioner Gi-hoon Yeon
won't say anything.
I know that,
but there isn't any other way.
I know Hyun-jun lost the terrorists.
He's known as the person
in charge of North Korean camp
during the summit discussion.
Unless there's a justifiable reason,
he won't be taken in easily.
That's why
we need your help.
Does Hyun-jun know of this fact?
I can't get a hold of him.
We don't have time.
Please cooperate with us.
It's me.
The Blue House
came to arrest Commissioner Gi-hoon Yeon.
They're asking me to arrest him.
You know it's not possible yet.
The Blue House knows
you've lost the spies.
I don't think I can stop them anymore.
I'll be right there.
Did you want to see me?
The South Korean government
came to arrest Commissioner Gi-hoon Yeon.
We must settle the matter quietly.
Are you saying you'll hand over
Commissioner Gi-hoon Yeon to South Korea?
Commissioner Yeon is a traitor,
but we can't hand in someone
from Labor Party Central Commission
to South Korea.
Gi-hoon Yeon is no longer our people.
If he were,
he wouldn't have insisted
upon sacrifices of many.
Is the Commissioner inside?
Yes, sir.
It was confirmed.
Our spies who remained to get rid of
Hyun-jun were attacked.
This wouldn't have happened
if you followed the orders.
I'm sorry.
Stay alert until tomorrow.
Okay, sir.
Tomorrow at 5 p.m.,
after the explosion,
escape via route as prearranged.
Come in.
What is it?
Secretary Jung
from the Blue House is here.
Hyung-jun Jung?
Why did he come without calling?
He said it's an urgent matter
he'd like to discuss in person.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I thought about it a lot,
but I can't allow civilian sacrifices
for a war between North and South.
I've always believed you.
Will you betray me like this?
Compared to your betrayal
of the country and the public,
my betrayal is nothing.
What you're doing won't change anything.
When the morning comes,
a nuclear bomb will explode in Seoul.
Starting then,
the republic will become a new world.
Until the morning comes,
there's a lot of time.
Let's go.
Is this
why you aimed a gun at me?
You spoke of the people and our country,
but your real plan was to sell me
by cooperating with
South Korea?
That's a misunderstanding,
Commissioner Yeon.
The reason why we're arresting you is
not because
you're a commissioner
of Labor Party Central Commission.
It's because you're a member of Iris.
Take him.
Go in.
Have a seat.
I don't
have time to exhaust myself
with a conflict between us.
If you continue being like this,
I can't protect you anymore.
I never asked you to protect me.
Seung-hee.
What is Iris?
I heard you and Sa-woo
are Iris.
What is it
that you tried to kill Hyun-jun?
What is it that you betrayed
the NSS and the country?
If Hyun-jun said such a thing,
it was simply a lie he imagined.
There's no such a thing.
Whatever you may have heard anywhere,
I'm the one whom you should trust.
Then,
what you're saying is Sa-woo...
Don't tell anyone.
Otherwise, I'll get called in too.
Ms. Choi got called in now.
Even Seung-hee?
We're in a state of emergency
due to nuclear terrorism,
but what is he doing by
calling everyone to his office?
Where are you going?
You,
be careful what you say to whom.
Gosh...
You can ask me
any questions.
-I'll tell you everything.
-I don't want to listen to you
or believe you anymore.
Actually,
I must say it.
Why should you?
Everything started with you.
The reason why I'm here...
is you, Seung-hee Choi.
It was all because of you.
Is that why
you tried to kill Hyun-jun in Hungary?
Why can't you say anything?
Tell me an excuse.
It was better...
that he died in my hands.
What do you mean?
I can't do it.
I'll have to find someone else
if you can't do it.
Tell Seung-hee Choi to come in.
Why would you...
Even if you were me...
If it hadn't been me,
it had to be you.
I couldn't
let you kill Hyun-jun you love.
Ever since
I fell in love with you,
I was always standing
at the edge of a cliff.
What difference does it make,
to talk about your feelings now?
So...
What difference does it make
if I understand you now?
Even if Hyun-jun forgives you,
I'll never forgive you.
Seung-hee.
How did it go?
Gi-hoon Yeon died.
He was sniped while we were arresting him.
He was sniped?
Did they know we were arresting Gi-hoon?
I think so.
Wasn't the arrest of Gi-hoon Yeon
decided only between you and me?
How could this
be exposed?
We're under a watch much closer
than we had expected.
He's waiting for you.
Commissioner Gi-hoon Yeon
said the bomb would set off in the morning
and the coup of the Republic
would proceed as scheduled.
Even if the bomb sets off,
we must stop the war.
I'll call Commissioner Kim.
To stop the coup,
I'll reveal everything.
Go back to North now
do everything you can to stop the coup.
I'll do everything that I can.
I'm going back to the Republic
to stop the coup.
It'll be difficult,
but stop the nuclear terror attack.
There's no clue to find the explosion site
or Do-chul Kang's whereabouts.
Let me know if you find anything
from anyone
related to Do-chul Kang.
Hello, sir.
When the morning comes,
a nuclear bomb will explode
somewhere in Seoul.
It's frustrating
that there's nothing we can do.
It's too early to give up.
I'm not giving up.
The only person I can still trust
is you.
Is something going on?
Comrade Gi-hoon Yeon is dead.
What?
Do we have to stop the operation?
No.
We proceed as planned.
The nuclear bomb will explode
in Gwanghwamun at 5 p.m.
Who will install the nuclear bomb?
It's already done.
They must be heading to Gwanghwamun now.
What do you mean?
Tell me more details.
The nuclear bomb
is placed in a city tour bus
that tours the city of Seoul.
At 5 p.m.,
when the city tour bus stops
at Sejong Center in Gwanghwamun,
by using this remote control,
we'll explode the nuclear bomb.
After the explosion is confirmed,
we'll move to Jeongok Pier.
We'll escape South Korea on a boat.
This is San Baek.
Okay, I got it.
I'll prepare that.
Come to my office.
Who are you?
Don't move.
We are from Secret Service.
Please cooperate with us.
We don't have time.
While Sung-sik is incinerating the files,
you should buy time.
We can't end it like this.
I'll stop them.
Listen carefully.
Gi-hoon Yeon was killed.
We'll be arrested.
We can't stop that.
For now, we must trust the headquarters
and follow orders.
I packed everything.
Incinerate them completely.
All we need is to buy time,
so don't make unnecessary sacrifices.
Okay, sir.
We'll stop them here.
Okay.
We confirmed the Director
is in his office,
so find the rest of them.
Okay, sir.
Director Baek.
This is Kang-oh Yoo.
Open the door.
Director Baek.
Resisting won't solve anything.
Just open the door.
We found them.
They're on the rooftop.
Okay, I got it.
Hurry.
Is there a way to open the door?
Unless opened from inside,
there's no way.
This is the Head of National Security.
Until things are settled,
I'll be in charge of the NSS.
I ask for your cooperation.
Okay, sir.
Where is Sa-woo?
On the rooftop,
he's blocking
the Secret Service agents.
Surrender.
We don't want more sacrifices.
Magazine.
This is the last one.
Ma'am.
The Director and Agent Jin's
arrest was ordered.
It's me.
It's been incinerated.
Surrender.
Okay, sir.
Both of them are arrested.
Starting now,
we're removing San Baek
from the director position.
CHANGDEOKGUNG CHANGGYEONGGUNG
GWANGHWAMUN PLAZA
I've linked together
all of the destinations in the GPS.
I heard that
the enriched uranium sphere
that Chul-young brought, is six kilograms.
For such an amount,
it's a 21 kiloton tactical nuclear weapon.
That means the explosion
area of direct influence
is under two kilometers.
ITAEWON
If we assume the marked areas
as ground zero...
JONGNO
The purpose of the nuclear terror
is to start a war.
Then, they must have more specific target.
Honey.
Where did you install the bomb?
Even if you tell me now, you'll be killed.
However, we'll let your family live.
Let me ask one more time.
Where did you install the bomb?
Mother, Father...
It's your son's turn.
Where is it?
Stop!
The targets are
Government Management Office,
the U.S. Embassy
and the Blue House.
The area of influence for a 21 kiloton
tactical nuclear bomb is two kilometers.
A place that can damage
all three at once...
is only one.
What happened?
What?
Okay.
The predicted point
for the nuclear bomb explosion
is Gwanghwamun.
You must evade to the bunker now.
Please send detailed information
on the wireless receiver of the detonator.
Okay, I understand.
We found the point of attack.
It's Gwanghwamun.
What's the exact location?
We don't know where it's installed
or the time of explosion.
Gwanghwamun is where
important organizations are located.
A square has been built recently,
so it's always quite populated.
Unless we find the exact location,
it's impossible to search.
If they're using the detonator
from the NSS,
they'll explode it using
the long-distance wireless method.
We must jam the Gwanghwamun area.
The wireless receiver of the detonator
is designed to pick up
all radio waves in the area.
Including cell phones
and short-wave receivers,
we must jam all types of devices.
They could have changed it
to explode with another method.
We'll just have to hope they didn't.
Within four kilometers
of Gwanghwamun area,
-radio jam everything.
-Okay, sir.
How long will it take?
About 20 minutes.
-Do it as quickly as possible.
-Yes, sir.
Where did you receive this information?
I think Hyun-jun called the Blue House.
Where are you going?
We have five minutes left.
Radio jamming is complete.
Send the SWAT and EOD to Gwanghwamun.
Why isn't it exploding?
Is something wrong?
There's no way.
I also checked several times.
We'll go to Gwanghwamun
and explode the bomb ourselves.
Are you saying we should all die?
To explode it ourselves,
that's the only way.
What are you talking about?
We're not here to die.
Shut up and listen to me.
If we succeed the mission
by sacrificing our lives,
our country and the people
will remember us.
Tae-young, Kang-seok, Jae-hyun.
You should stay behind
in case we fail.
What's the current situation?
We found that the bomb was
placed inside Gwanghwamun,
so we jammed all radio waves in the area.
How does that help with stopping
a nuclear terror attack?
The nuclear bomb operates
with radio wave signals.
If the bomb is in Gwanghwamun
where radio waves are jammed,
it won't explode.
I've linked together
all of the destinations in the GPS.
Their goal was determined
when they planned the attack.
Our task is to stop the summit discussion
between North and South that's in session.
JONGNO
Look at the dates.
They wandered around all these places
for the past three days.
Why do you think they did so?
GWANGHWAMUN THE BLUE HOUSE
Follow me!
Check the compartment!
It's not in the compartment.